It's okay. It's okay.
You, a little girl, pretend to be running and watch.
Uncle, because I was eating, I originally went through ten programs. Uncle?
Occasionally, I'll be able to meet my old classmates nearby.
We are more than ten days into it.
This old man ran around and everyone asked him to do it.
don't know. Well, I don’t believe you.
Do you want to have more than one person serving the meal?
I mean, I just stopped by to visit my dad.
My old classmate. Don’t want to.
Miss you, which one of you? Hey, what? Can you look at it?
Guess I didn't think about it
Let’s talk about it first
I'll knock on the door when I get home later and pick him up.
You might as well talk about this later